feat: NFTCard add new prop errorRender (#824)
ant-design/ant-design-web3: packages/web3/src/nft-card/index.md

| showAction | Whether to show the action button of the card | `boolean` | `true` | - |
| type | The type of the card | `'default' \| 'pithy'` | `'default'` | - |
| onActionClick | The callback when the action button of the card is clicked | `() => void` | - | - |

> | errorRender | The method to render when an error occurs | `(error: Error) => React.ReactNode` | - | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| errorRender | Rendering method for displaying exception information when NFT gets an exception | `(error: Error) => React.ReactNode` | - | - |
```

Reviewer: @yutingzhao1991 佬，顺便看看这边，补充了下英文翻译的同步
